Subject: Re: Dr Berg
From: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
Date: 11/21/2022, 2:27 PM
To: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>


Thanks for your review of him!

Hanh

On Mon, Nov 21, 2022, 2:16 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com 
<mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

    Hanh,

    Dr. Berg has a huge following and genuinely helps a ton of people,
    because of the combination of his simple presentations, their
    conciseness, and his accuracy of information.

    The best things about him:

    * He is scientifically correct about major ideas, such as the
    benefits of low-carb diets and fasting.

    * His info is almost always derived from good sources, including
    books about science.

    * Even when he may be incorrect, he doesn't advocate for anything
    that would lead to harm.  At worst, his suggestions might not work,
    but they won't waste money or cause injury.

    The bad about him:

    * He is not a real scientist, and does not think through
    "correlation versus causation."  This shows in some of his advocacy,
    such as pushing Vitamin D supplementation.  Vitamin D is a good
    example of a topic that is hard to get right.  The level of Vitamin
    D in the body is positively correlated with countless positive
    bodily functions.  But rarely are intervention studies ever done
    with Vitamin D, or any other nutritional studies.  Sunlight is very
    likely to be the real source of real benefits correlated with
    Vitamin D (which means that Vitamin D is simply a biomarker of
    sunlight exposure, the true benefit).  Dr Berg knows well about the
    benefits of sunlight, but he still pushes for the supplementation
    route sometimes harder than the natural route.

    * He sells supplements and other things, although he does that in a
    very low-key manner.  He tends to push supplements a bit too much,
    although he does balance that out by advocating for food sources of
    nutrients.

    I think of Dr Berg as a gateway drug into better sources of info. 
    E.g., Andrew Huberman and Peter Attia are both much better and
    deeper than Dr. Berg, but all in all, I do believe that Dr Berg is
    very conscientious.

    Mark