Subject: Re: Dad's new friend, Annalise
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 9/5/2022, 9:21 AM
To: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
CC: Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com>


Yup, he is not helping others to help him, as Hien pointed out.  I saw a 
lot of disappointing signs from him yesterday.

* Annalise told me that anti-social men are the main lodgers of the 
Chipper Lane house.  Dad does not check background.  The police are 
routinely called there.  One of them is menacing and rageful toward 
her.  When she asks Dad to give out that guy, Dad sides with the guy 
instead of Annalise.

* Dad is not particularly nice toward Annalise (but then again, he was 
in a very bad mood on Sunday).  Many, many examples of petty behavior.  
Also, he seems to want something from her.  He calls her the "rich 
widow."  One time, she asked him to throw away a muffin because there 
were four live ants and three dead ants on it.  While she wasn't 
looking, he took that muffin, simply cut it up, then ate a slice.

* Annalise asked him how much social security he collects, he says 
$2,000.  She asked how much he got from his auto accident, he said 
$200.  She does not believe him.

* He was mad about Hang asking him to send a photo of her credit card 
that was sent to his home. (Hang doesn't understand the way his brain 
works, and couldn't understand why that request would make him angry.)

* He was resentful of Annalise trying to help him with his diabetes and 
Alzheimer's onset.  He used his remembering about the muffins as an 
example of nothing being wrong with his memory.

So, yeah, he really cannot be helped, unfortunately.  It's too bad, I 
was wishing that she could help him have a higher quality of life with 
his remaining few years.

Huy

On Sun, Sep 4, 2022 at 9:52 AM Hanh Cao Yu 
<hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> 
wrote:

    A lot to absorb. Thanks for sharing all of what you learned via this
    email and text, Huy. Most importantly, thanks for making all the
    effort to visit with Dad. Our connection with him is very tenuous
    and at this point, it sounds like he has a weak safety net. It's
    very disturbing that he might be experiencing the onset of
    alzheimer. He'll need a lot of care for very serious health issues

    H.





    On Sat, Sep 3, 2022, 10:05 PM Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com
    <mailto:hcaosc@gmail.com>> wrote:

        Wow, didn’t see that coming. Thanks Huy.

        On Sat, Sep 3, 2022 at 10:00 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
        <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

            I'm a bit overwhelmed from meeting Annalise today, but for
            the most part, I have a very positive impression of her and
            think this could be good for Dad.  She can be used as an
            emergency contact for Dad.  Her cell phone number is (949)
            878-5116, but before you contact her for the first time, I
            recommend that you be introduced to her.

            Annalise is a white woman, I believe she is 80 or 81.  Her
            description of herself:

            * Peace corps volunteer in Ecuador.  She brought a whole
            village to New Jersey.

            * Math genius.  She was a businesswoman most of her life and
            can do complex calculations in her head instantly.

            * She has been healthy all her life and does not use drugs,
            whether prescription or recreational.  (This is obvious --
            she is articulate and alert.)

            The part that's disturbing is the story she told of how Dad
            rescued her from an abusive senior home last week.  I think
            this is a true story, but I'm not sure of her interpretation
            of events.  She isn't sure how long she was there, but it
            sounds like less than two weeks.  How she got put in there
            is unknown to her.  She thinks her son's wife was behind it,
            but she doesn't know exactly.  She also mentioned a couple
            of times that certain people claim she is schizophrenic.  I
            can't completely rule this out, because some of her answers
            to my questions sounded disjointed.  She let me take a photo
            of the business card of the senior home.

            When she was there, she said two men forced injections on
            her each day.  She described it as a pink pill that was
            dissolved, then injected using a big syringe.  This made her
            go from energetic and healthy to now very achy all over her
            body and having difficulty with walking.

            Dad being a friend and former landlord, she called him and
            he came and took her out of the home.  She seems to say that
            this was possible due to the workers being on a work break. 
            She and Dad took the chance and snuck out of the senior
            home, not sure if it was early AM or late PM.

            She says she doesn't know why she was being given the
            treatment, and she was not told what the drug was for.  She
            says the only two reasons she can think of are, (1) they
            were trying to claim money from her insurance (Humana) with
            drug treatments, or (2) she was enrolled in a pharma trial
            without her consent.

            I don't think she made up this story, and it's clear she
            does believe it.  Leo heard her ask Dad if she could tell
            "about what happened."  She told me most of it while Dad was
            out of earshot, but she mentioned some parts of the story
            while we all were having dinner.

            She told another story over dinner, which is that her son
            (she thinks actually her daughter-in-law) is withdrawing
            money from her bank account, thousands at a time, and she
            and Dad will talk to the bank about it after Labor Day.

            Anyway, she operates at a high cognitive level, I'd say
            higher than Dad's or Mom's.  Very good-natured and
            well-spoken.  She does not come across as a gold digger at
            all (not that Dad has much gold).  She seems to genuinely
            care about Dad's health, including his diabetes.  She told
            me she reads 5 books every week.  So, I am going to send her
            a couple of books, so that she has more knowledge about
            nutrition and diabetes.  She wants to switch to a better GP
            for herself as well as for Dad, and knowing more should
            nudge her in the right direction when finding a GP.  She and
            I agreed on most of the basics about nutrition.

            There seems to be an implied boyfriend-girlfriend
            relationship between them.  So, if that lasts, it is going
            to be good that she can help Dad to improve his health.  She
            said to me that she believes he is at the onset of
            Alzheimer's.  I explained to her that this makes sense
            (diabetes = insulin resistance = insulin resistance of brain
            = reduced energy for brain).  She also brought up his
            snoring, apnea and narcolepsy, so she is clued-in about his
            general health issues.

            Huy