Subject: Re: Dad & Annalise
From: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
Date: 1/12/2023, 2:59 PM
To: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
CC: Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com>


Sounds like progress, Huy.  THANK YOU.

Thanks also for putting all of these complicated details in an email! 
Much easier to understand. My texts are not going through. Inbox too 
full and need to delete.

H.

On Thu, Jan 12, 2023, 12:12 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com 
<mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

    Talked with both of them this morning and got some new info.

    * About what's happening between them:  A. and Dad had a long talk
    last night.  Apparently, A. revealed she will leaving the house, and
    wanted to be open with him about her thoughts, and she thought they
    might patch up their friendship.  She said he was in a good mood
    then (even being agreeable to kicking out Ken), but in the morning,
    he was defending his "good friend Ken."

    * She said he needs to be diagnosed for possible dementia, because
    that would require a "different fix."  I tried to put an end to her
    believing things can be "fixed".  I told her that he always starts
    going bonkers when feeling financial stress, this is a lifelong
    pattern.  I wanted her to stop wavering about terminating the
    relationship.  Finally she got the message.  She said she will make
    a clean break.

    * She and I are still planning to look around for an apartment on
    Saturday.  She looks to be committed to that at this point.

    * A. says that Dad won an accident settlement, but the lawyer hasn't
    forked over the money yet.  She thinks the lawyer is hoping Dad will
    die so they'll never have to pay him.

    * When I asked Dad how he was, he sounded distressed.  He started
    talking right away about a conflict between two of his tenants, A.
    and Ken.  He painted A. as the problematic one, not paying her rent.

    * That allowed me to segue right into the children helping him with
    the mortgage.  (1) He agreed to meet with me on Sunday.  (2) He
    agreed to our helping with his mortgage.  I think this is pretty
    unambiguous.  (3) He seemed to say yes when I said we'll need his
    mortgage info, and we'll help him setup his devices.  (4) He
    definitely agreed to come up to the Bay Area this Sunday.

    * I told him things he'd be pleased to hear, in a vague way.  (1) He
    can stay with anybody he wants.  (2) The trip will be "short," and
    Hanh will escort him back to OC later.  (3) His mortgage payments
    will be put on autopay, so he won't be stressed out by them anymore.

    * The surprising thing was when he said the following on his own. 
    "I need some of the sons to help me manage the house."  I think this
    thought will lead him to agree to sell the house later on.  But, of
    course, I have not brought this up yet.

    In short, we have a good start.  If we take this step by step, we
    will have much better luck with our objectives.  Once he is in the
    Bay Area, to convince him to sell the house, I think he will like
    this idea:  We will cosign a San Jose mortgage with him.  He can be
    landlord, and living in his own space, but all of us will be able to
    help him much more when he is local, including with health problems.

    It's not important for us to commit to specific things at this
    point, but rather, only to give him a general idea of what's
    possible.  If he sees we're willing to help him when nobody
    can/will, then he might trust enough to go with our help.

    Huy