Subject: Discussion with Michelle Nguyen
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 4/15/2023, 12:34 AM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>


Hi Hanh,

Michelle called me today.  Let me try to capture what she said, for both 
of our notes.  Her work number (cell phone?) is (714) 815-1441.

She has known about dad for "a while," but she mentioned hardly any 
details beyond that.  Generally she was not impressed by Dad.  Dad had 
tried to portray himself as a big shot in Vietnam (in a high government 
position), but Michelle replied to him, "I respect what you were then, 
but just look at how you are living now."

Her observation of his living conditions:  Dad had not allowed her in 
the house before.  But there was one time that she stopped by, and he 
was nowhere to be found.  Then Annalise let Michelle in the house to try 
to find Dad.  She then was able to observe the squalor inside as well as 
in the backyard -- not sure if she took pictures, but I believe she 
wouldn't be allowed to.  (I think Michelle was trying to say that only 
Dad can allow her access to info about Dad; so her only chance to 
observe the property was via Annalise helping her to look for Dad.)

Dad had said to her that his life is fine, saying that he was free and 
clear of the mortgage.  I corrected this point later for her, letting 
her know that the house originally cost less than $100K, but Dad now 
owes more than $400K.  This probably startled her, suggesting to her 
that he is financially desperate, not financially independent as she had 
thought.

Dad at one point told her that he will sell the house (I suspect he told 
her so very recently).  Michelle then said, "Why don't you involve your 
children to help you?  You know that real-estate agents can be 
scammers."  So he tried telling her all our names and cities.  The only 
one correct was "Cao Thanh Huy, San Jose."  She got both your name and 
Hien's wrong, as well as the cities.  I suspect that even my name/city 
were said wrong by Dad, but that she must have corrected those facts in 
her notes once she got my APS report.  She said Dad refused to give out 
our phone numbers.  She was genuinely glad that I filed the APS report 
on 4/12 so that she finally had a way of contacting us.

She did not know about all the car accidents (the one several years ago, 
around the same time his health significantly deteriorated) as well as 
all the dents in his "new" car now.  So, I told her about those 
accidents.  I suggested to her that he could have a financial incentive 
for getting into accidents.

We also talked briefly about Annalise.  But Michelle didn't want to get 
sidetracked on that, saying that Annalise "has her own case worker."

I tried to emphasize Dad's driving with only a senior ID (issued 2018) 
and suspended driver license (Feb 2023).  Michelle didn't know about 
this.  She said she did know about him still driving.  When I told her I 
was thinking of tracking Dad with a GPS device to be able to report him 
driving without a DL to the police, she implicitly encouraged me to do 
so, because that's an action she cannot take.

Two other important points were discussed.

(1) She was young when she started her career with County of Orange, at 
the same time Mom was retiring.  In her recollection, Mom retired in the 
late 1990s.  Around that time (or after?), Mom had volunteered to do 
flowers for Michelle's wedding (but I guess she didn't take Mom up on 
that offer).  it seems that they both worked for OC's in-home supportive 
services.

(2) I hinted that I thought Dad had a mental disorder before he started 
getting old.  She took that prompt and asked what that might be, which 
is when I told her why I thought he might have Borderline Personality 
Disorder.  And this is when I mentioned about wife abuse.  I also 
mentioned Dad's paranoia tendencies.

She suggested a couple of ways of advancing the case:  (1) a meeting 
with all the children, and (2) next week, we (the siblings) meet with 
her and Dad at Dad's house.

#1 - This is my action, to arrange a meeting with us and her.  This is 
for her to gather more input/info.  And I presume that she wants us to 
think about filing for a conservatorship.

#2 - Initially I agreed to a tentative plan that I would meet her at 
Dad's house on Thursday, 4/20 at 10 AM.  However, this will be 
consequential, so we should discuss this further when we meet with her.  
Michelle's idea is that, with us there, Dad will let her into the house, 
and with his being surprised, the discussion could go in a different 
direction.

Lastly, regarding info that was *not* discussed:

* There's no way for her to know the extent of his poor physical 
condition (falling often, bad legs, daytime sleepiness).

* She repeated the often-heard theme that APS relies on voluntary 
cooperation of the client.  I believe this means she is not really an 
investigator (for example, maybe she can't even take photos??), but 
rather she depends on info provided to her.

Huy