Subject: Re: New theory!
From: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
Date: 4/13/2023, 10:19 PM
To: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>


I agree that Dad had a turning point when he couldn't get his way to 
bring Analise up to Bay Area.  BUT, just telling him our intention or 
threatening him with a conservatorship is not enough to get him to 
cooperate, whether Annalise is involved or not.  If he knows, he will 
resist even more.

There are basically two options:

1) Let Dad be b/c he really wants to die in HB with Annalise and 
struggle with all of his misery.
2) Set up a conservatorship and make him unhappy and resentful, but safe 
and out of criminal activities and homelessness.

Neither are great options.

H.



On Thu, Apr 13, 2023 at 9:57 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com 
<mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

    Hi Hanh,

    Dropping Mom off the CC for this message, since it involves Annalise.

    We are probably overthinking this!  I think back to all of Dad's
    reactions and signals, and conclude that Dad wants to stay in HB for
    two main reasons.  First, Annalise is there.  And second, for
    inertia and comfort, because basically he has given up on improving
    his own health.

    He was willing to move up to SJ when he was plotting for Annalise to
    come up here with him.  I remember the one day that I flatly said to
    him that we (Hanh, Hien, Huy) are not responsible for Annalise.  The
    next day, he called me up and said he wanted to return to HB "to die
    there."

    Conclusion:  I think he may go along with the following steps, which
    give him much of what he wants.

    * We tell him we're filing for a conservatorship.
        - He can't take care of himself physically.
        - He can't drive but has been driving.
        - He keeps getting into *legal* and financial trouble.
        - We know about all the bad stuff he's done.  (Kind of bluffing
    here, but it plays on his guilty conscience.)

    * We tell him we won't exclude Annalise, that is not our intention. 
    (This should weaken his will to resist the conservatorship.)

    * We tell him our basic plan is to move him to the Bay Area, after
    obtaining the conservatorship, where we can manage an assisted
    living situation for him.

    * To obtain a conservatorship, we prep by documenting as much as we
    can of his misdeeds and current poor quality of life.

    * Later, in dealing with Annalise (after obtaining conservatorship),
    I think the problem will take care of itself:
        - She might not even want to move here.
        - Both are in poor health.  One or both may pass away soon, etc.
        - The two of them might "break up" soon anyway.
        - We will not flatly break our promise to Dad.  But rather, we
    impose conditions on Annalise.  E.g., she and Dad can live together,
    but she will have to pay half the cost of their assisted-living
    situation.

    The basic idea here is to obtain control, to sell the house, and to
    move Dad here, but basically do it in a way that he himself would
    have done anyway.  So he will not prefer this, but he'll also see
    benefits in having us handle things he can no longer handle. 
    Ultimately, we have decision-making, which will prevent him from
    doing nasty things.

    Mom will not go along with this at all, since it includes Annalise. 
    I think Mom won't see that the intention here is to have Dad see the
    conservatorship as a good thing for him, by which he can still "die
    happy" as he sees it.

    Huy



-- 
Hanh