Subject: Re: Answer to questions
From: Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com>
Date: 2/8/2023, 6:05 AM
To: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
CC: Huy Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>


The doctor said it a couple of times. When dad is confused just try to 
change the conversation. Don’t try to reason with him. It will only 
frustrate him and you.

I’m all for consolidating his finances. He has too many accounts.

On Wed, Feb 8, 2023 at 5:30 AM Hanh Cao Yu 
<hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> 
wrote:

    Really helpful, Hien.  Thanks for taking all the time yesterday to
    sit in on the assessment appointment.  As difficult as it was, it
    was helpful for us to better understand Dad’s cognitive state and
    how to interact and support him as caretakers and family members.

    The best we can do is to reinforce what we are already doing:  meds,
    testing, healthy diet, and exercise.  The additional items were
    listed in the letter with extra, extra measures of patience and
    emotional support.  I thought it was interesting to read the advice
    about not relying on agreements and rationality.

    Btw, Jeff shared that Dad wanted to put his income fund into a
    higher yield account.  He even called his broker.  We need to figure
    out how to let these entities know that Dad can no longer make
    financial decisions on his own and need to take any instructions
    from me/us.  Dad delegated me as his primary trustee but I’ll need
    your help.

    I’ll forward Jeff’s email to Dad to advise him to take a capital
    preservation strategy and  he also suggested to simplify it for Dad
    by consolidating his funds to something like TD Ameritrade.

    H.



    On Tue, Feb 7, 2023 at 10:39 PM Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com
    <mailto:hcaosc@gmail.com>> wrote:

        Hien... I just read the doctor's long letter now carefully.  A
        few Qs: 1) was a memory med prescribed?

        No med was prescribed.

        2) could the doctor say anything about how rapidly the dementia
        will progress?

        No. It varies based on different factors. The fact that dad
        didn’t take his meds probably accelerated his decline. The
        decline is not reversible.


        3) I thought dad's head scan didn't show signs of a stroke.

        If you read the results from the scan, it said no sign of a
        recent stroke. The memory doctor looked closely at his scans and
        said that there was signs of his brain shrinking slightly,
        hardening of some blood vessels on the outer edge, not taking
        his meds for diabetes & high blood pressure could have
        contributed to that.

        Could the doctor say for sure he had a stroke?  How recently?

         From what she saw, she though had a minor stroke at some point.
        She can’t say when from the scan. Just looks like minors injury
        to the brain from a small stroke at some point.

        What's the likelihood of another stroke? She didn’t talk about
        the potential for another strokes. She talked to dad about
        staying on his meds, eating properly and getting exercise.

    -- 
    Hanh