Subject: Dad's psychological habits
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 5/14/2023, 12:30 AM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>


Hi Hanh,

I spotted some interesting behavioral patterns on Dad's part that helped 
in convincing him to sign the durable POA.  I'll try to list them 
starting with the most key points.

* Persuading him seems to need both a stick and a carrot.  Just the 
carrot does not work ("your family cares about you and wants to take 
care of you"), seemingly arousing his suspicions.  The approach of being 
explicit about the stick ("The public guardian unfortunately will manage 
all your affairs without seeking your input") and low-key about the 
carrot ("the POA solution may turn out best for you") was the best way 
of having him conclude that the POA will be in his best interests.

* He seems to make decisions best when he is alert and happy.  When he 
is feeling drowsy, he wants to delay, lacks confidence, and is a bit 
more irritable when asked to make decisions.  I was very interested in 
seeing which state works best because he is so prone to fatigue 
throughout the day.

* He is very tired, both physically and tired of life.  So if you show 
him a path of least resistance that's easy for him to understand, 
without arousing his anxiety and especially anger, he wants to believe 
you and to go along with it.

* He does respect Annalise's opinion.  So when Annalise gives her stamp 
of approval, he seems to have more confidence in going along with her idea.

A corollary to this is, which IMO we should apply to the future POA  
situation to discourage him from thinking of revocation, is to ask Kim 
to keep the case open (perhaps in a "suspended" state or a 
periodic monitoring state).  That way, as we are selling the house, we 
could tell him the actions on his behalf are being watched by the 
public-guardian office; and the sale of his OC house will ensure the OC 
case will eventually close for good.

Huy