Subject: Re: Qs
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 7/26/2023, 8:50 AM
To: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>


Hanh,

Please see below.

On Wed, Jul 26, 2023, 6:22 AM Hanh Cao Yu 
<hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> 
wrote:

    Hi Huy,

    I have some Qs to get me ready for this week with Dad.

    1) Is he fully up to speed on the discharge and the B&C he's going to?


I told him about the B&C twice and about the discharge just once (but 
re: discharge, I'm sure the nurses have talked to him).  You can always 
go over it with him again, but I'd just pay attention to feedback he 
gives you, and don't dwell on something he already understands.


    2) Where is he with regards to Analise? Does he know she's still at
    the house? 


Annalise left the house mid-week last week, hopefully for good.  It's 
very hard to say if she will ever return.  Seems that she walked off in 
the morning, without her purse nor cell phone.  The night before that, 
Westminster police drove her home, leaving her car somewhere in 
Westminster.  So, she'll have a hard time without her purse, cell phone 
and car.

I told Dad on the second day of his injury that Annalise left the 
house.  Dad shed tears for a couple of days, then didn't mention her 
again.  Therefore, it's best not to open up the Annalise can of worms.

It's going to be helpful for you to drop by the house and see if she 
came back.  The intel will help me to plan what to do with her if she 
has returned.

    3) Did you find his iPad? If not, I thought he might want to watch
    video and hear Buddhist chants with an old phone that I have through
    wifi, assuming the B&C has wifi.


I found several tablets of his.  I have not given one to him yet because 
I think we need to prep it first.  He might start going into his Yahoo 
email account and interact with his relatives (Jessica, Thao) about 
money and get upset.

    4) Shall I bring to the B&C some more clothes and maybe some books?
    Did you already bring clothes to him?  I'll ask him if there's
    anything else he wants to make his room more homey.


I'd let him be entertained just by the TV for a while.  It's hard for 
him to even read or operate an iPad.  You could try this, but I'd say it 
is not practical at the moment.

    5) Anything else?

    H.