Subject: Re: Annalise
From: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
Date: 5/1/2023, 9:03 AM
To: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>


Let's see what happens. Full time elder care is expensive, even for a 
short period of time.  And Dad has a LOT of problems on all fronts.

On my part, I don't expect anything from him. I just want to make sure 
he can use his assets to provide for his needs and to settle his affairs.

H.

On Mon, May 1, 2023, 8:53 AM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com 
<mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

    I think the way it works is that the public guardian does their work
    for free, but then they ("the public") become first in line to
    inherit the person's assets, or at least enough to pay for services
    rendered.  So, if he has $500K but incurred $250K by the time of
    death, they would only take that much.  But if he incurs $700K in
    assets, he gets $200K for free, but the $500K is wiped out.

    On Mon, May 1, 2023 at 8:10 AM Hanh Cao Yu
    <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org
    <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> wrote:

        On #2, if he runs out of resources, isn't he eligible for
        Medicaid for assisted living?

        H.

        On Mon, May 1, 2023, 7:50 AM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
        <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

            Nope, I didn't talk to Dad at all about any restraining
            order on his behalf (against Ken and Annalise).  But
            Annalise did talk a lot about her restraining order against Ken.

             > if Dad doesn’t care nor wants our help, why should we go
            through all this trouble?

            This is the million dollar question.  As I see it, here's
            the menu.

            1. If he is making his own decisions, his incompetence (and
            anti-social tendencies) will keep getting him in trouble and
            misery.  But this is the category he wants to stay in.

            2. If a public guardian makes Dad's decisions, his resources
            will be drained fast (including his use of a lawyer) and he
            will be mad at the public guardian and his lawyer.

            3. If we make decisions for him (forced through a
            conservatorship, since voluntary modification of his Living
            Will is not viable), the advantages are saving of his
            resources as well as less misery.  But the disadvantage is
            that he will act up a lot against us.

            Personally, I am willing to do #3 only if he asks for help. 
            Then that will reduce his acting up, but I'm sure it will
            still be there.

            Huy

            On Mon, May 1, 2023 at 12:05 AM Hanh Cao Yu
            <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org
            <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> wrote:

                My take aways from your emails:

                1) Dad’s greed for money from A. seems to blind his
                judgment completely.

                2) Dad doesn’t seem to care about his health in any
                way.  He knows his poor diet is a major contributor of
                his diabetes and other chronic conditions but isn’t
                making any effort.  His meds won’t do him much good if
                he has nothing under control.

                3) I’m wondering…if Dad doesn’t care nor wants our help,
                why should we go through all this trouble?

                FYI, I’m on travel this week, but will check texts and
                emails.

                H.



                On Sun, Apr 30, 2023 at 6:18 PM Mark Cao
                <mark.cao@gmail.com <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

                    I explained things a bit out of order.  Here's the
                    chronology of Saturday:

                    * I came to the house around 9:30 AM, but nobody was
                    up.  Finally around 10 AM, people started milling about.

                    * Around 10:30 AM, the three of us (including Dad
                    and Annalise) went to a locksmith to make a backup
                    car key for Dad.

                    * _Major event #1, talking with Annalise and Dad._ 
                    Then, we had breakfast at a Pho joint around 11:30 AM.

                    * We came back to Chipper around 1 PM.  Dad and I
                    ditched Annalise so we could talk privately (we
                    headed back to the locksmith).  Her constant
                    chattering had been very annoying.

                    * We left her alone at the house for maybe around 30
                    minutes.  Being "alone with Ken," she got very
                    annoyed with Dad and apparently that's when both she
                    and Ken called the police on each other.  It was
                    something about the cats, I guess.

                    * _Major event #2, the talk with the police around
                    2:15 PM._  This was described in my other email.

                    * _Major event #3, talking with Dad separately (Luxe
                    Buffet at Westminster Mall)._  Basically I already
                    summarized this in another email.  BTW, his diet is
                    completely uncontrolled again.  He has no problem
                    wolfing down tons of carbs.  And he insisted on
                    eating at a buffet, just 3 hours after he already
                    had breakfast.  He claims he is still on his meds

                    So, I'll describe Major event #1 (Annalise) as
                    that's the only major topic not covered.  Think of
                    this in terms of understanding Dad's psychology,
                    since we aren't interested in her mental illness per se.
                    --------------------------------
                    The three of us were having a pho brunch.  I warmed
                    Dad up around 15 minutes before finally talking
                    about the public guardianship.  I did not disclose
                    to him that I knew about the Deputy Public Guardian
                    business card left on his door.  I asked him if they
                    contacted him yet, he said no.  I asked him if he
                    knew Michelle's plan to recommend a public guardian
                    and 24-hour care for him, he said no.  Basically,
                    almost everything I said came as a surprise to him. 
                    He was mostly silent in response, although he did
                    show some initial emotion (anger).

                    Annalise mostly either did not understand or
                    completely misheard what I was telling Dad. 
                    Everything I said, she responded with some
                    completely irrelevant anecdote from her life.  Since
                    she was so focused on herself, at one point, I asked
                    her why she no longer owns a home.  She never
                    responded to the question, but she started saying
                    that she and her husband used to own several homes. 
                    And then he got into a cocaine habit and got in
                    trouble with the authorities.  Maybe she was hinting
                    at their losing their property because of his drug
                    crimes.

                    She kept trying to talk about her latest restraining
                    order request against Ken, which apparently was
                    filed days ago.  I asked her what was the basis of
                    it.  She didn't understand the question, I guess, so
                    she said he stole $150 from her this morning.  Well,
                    this was a surprise, since I was in the house since
                    the time she woke up.  I looked over at Dad, and he
                    smiled and said nothing.  (I read this as, he knows
                    she is a nut but doesn't care.)

                    Annalise had gotten a retired lawyer, Mary, fresh
                    from Texas (no California attorney license) to help
                    her with her latest RO.  She said she loved getting
                    the help from a "powerhouse," but she didn't
                    understand everything else the lawyer was asking her
                    to do.  She also did not like that Mary told her she
                    needs to be in court to back up her accusations.

                    I asked Annalise if she intended to move up to NoCal
                    with Dad.  She said she'd be inclined to, but that
                    she wants to visit first, perhaps by a train trip. 
                    Dad said she gets $3,500+ in social security,
                    perhaps Mark could rent out a room to her.  So
                    basically that is their thinking, that they want to
                    be near each other.

                    Annalise being there was a big problem because Dad
                    and I couldn't hear ourselves thinking with all her
                    chattering. He initially accepted my framing of the
                    issue, as public guardian vs. a family-based POA. 
                    He aimed most of his displeasure at Michelle, and he
                    hinted he thought Mom might be involved, because of
                    Michelle mentioning she knew our family (i.e.,
                    social workers in a personal network).  He asked me
                    how Michelle got involved.  I said I didn't know,
                    but maybe neighbors reported problems to the social
                    agency.

                    My conclusion regarding Annalise is that Dad is
                    acutely conscious of her big social-security check. 
                    They don't connect mentally at all, and in fact are
                    annoyed with each other most of the time.  He was
                    silent most of the time when she was chattering. 
                    One possibility is that he is fairly calculating
                    about using her, even with her jumbled mental
                    functioning.

                    When his displeasure regarding 'public guardian' was
                    aimed at Michelle, he accepted my framing of the
                    issue.  But as I shifted the focus more on
                    accelerating a POA agreement, he got defensive and
                    started making demands:  a detailed plan was needed
                    from Hanh, the POA needed to remain revocable, etc.

                    In summary, all of this confirms:  (1) Dad and
                    Annalise find each other useful.  (2) Dad does want
                    to keep Annalise around long-term.

                    Huy

                -- 
                Hanh