Subject: Re: Please remove me as your beneficiary
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 7/18/2023, 10:55 AM
To: Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com>
CC: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>, Thanh Xuan Huynh <Thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>


Hien,

You are confused, so let me set the record straight.

Dad was manipulated into coming to San Jose for his birthday 
(2/1/2023).  He was invited to come for one week, then to return to HB 
shortly after his birthday.  When his birthday passed, he wondered why 
he was being kept there.  He was told, more medical exams.  Then he got 
extremely angry at you, Hien Cao, when he felt manipulated into a 
dementia declaration at the Kaiser clinic.  I calmed him down, asked him 
to stop talking about suing Hien.

He tolerated what felt like a false imprisonment at Hanh's house.  But 
the last straw for him was when his companion started calling and asking 
him to return.  I stayed neutral, saying that since he was at Hanh's 
home, he should ask her to arrange for his return to HB.

Hanh continued maintaining condition that Dad felt to be a false 
imprisonment.  With no help from us (I have the impression that he 
convinced someone at a nearby Rec center to call an Uber for him to get 
to Xe Do Hoang in San Jose), he made his way back to HB.

All of this is to say that you did plenty to make him leave Castro 
Valley.  It was almost me who could reason with Dad.  I invited him to 
San Jose two times, and I could have convinced him to stay.  But it was 
you and Hanh who did some maneuvering to first have him stay at Hanh's, 
then to make life there unpleasant for him.

Next, I made an effort to bring him to the Bay Area a second time.  I 
wanted to do this to sell his house fast and have him be here.  But this 
lasted only four days, roughly from 5/15 to 5/20.  He looked so 
miserable that I completely cancelled the plans.  I then planned to 
generate rental income for him ($5,000+) to have more than enough net to 
cover part-time assisted living for him.

For you to say that I manipulated him back to HB is completely wrong.

Again, you are upset because all of your ordering him around was 
unacceptable to him.  You have left a very long trail of nasty things 
said about Dad that I can forward on.  Stop.

Huy

On Tue, Jul 18, 2023 at 10:42 AM Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com 
<mailto:hcaosc@gmail.com>> wrote:

    Mom has nothing to do with this. Leave her alone.

    This is about your greed and manipulating dad for your own selfish
    gains.

    Dad has serious health conditions and needed care that he was
    getting at Hanh’s house in order to avoid serious issues like a stroke.

    You used Annalise to gain his trust. You used the OC social worker
    to get power of attorney from him. Since then, you e done all you
    can to prevent any insight from my part into dad's financial
    situation so that you can manipulate his finances without questions
    from those who truly care about his well being.

    His stroke is a consequence of your selfish actions. You have to
    live with that for the rest of your life. Everyone knows what you
    did and why you did it no matter how many emails you send out. It’s
    your cross to bear.

    What I do for mom or dad is done out of love & care. I never ask for
    anything in return or want anything in return.

    Dad will need the money from the sale of his house in order to pay
    for the care that he will need to recover from the situation that
    you’ve created.

    Huy - do the right thing. It’s never too late to do better.

    Do better.

    On Tue, Jul 18, 2023 at 10:34 AM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
    <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

        Dear Mom,

        I have been helping Dad to order his affairs.  Because of that,
        he assigned to me to inherit the Chipper house.  This offended
        Hien specifically, and maybe Hanh too (I don't know).  As for
        Hanh, she asked to be removed as a beneficiary for Dad's
        assets.  Consequently, currently:

        * I will inherit the house and its debt.
        * Hien will inherit the remaining assets, which I am guessing is
        about $200,000
        * Additionally, Hanh seems to be saying she wants the house sold
        too.  If the house is sold, Hien will get about $1,000,000 of cash.

        I told both of them from the start that Mom will adjust her
        inheritances to make all of this fair to all children. 
        Financially.  Maybe neither one has talked to you yet?

        I am asking you *now,* please remove me as your beneficiary. 
        And please, tell Hien to leave me alone.  He is threatening to
        sue me.  Would you please just calm him down by removing me from
        your inheritance plans.  If you have any questions, please let
        me know.  I am willing to answer all questions as long as they
        are focused.

        Thanks,
        Huy