Subject: NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORP - ADVANTAGE LEGAL SERVICES PLAN
From: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
Date: 4/29/2023, 8:34 PM
To: Huy Cao - 4447 <mark.cao@gmail.com>
CC: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>


Huy,

I will set up a 30-minute legal consultation setup through my work just 
to better understand how to proceed with Dad's Will and trust setup for 
POA and springing trusteeship.  If they make a referral, my coverage 
offers 25% off.

Jeff's work has more generous coverage.  Below are the relevant items.  
I will set up a consultation also, and see if they can, at minimum, 
setup a durable, general POA document.

H.



Elder Law Matters

This service covers counseling the Participant over the phone or in the 
office on  any personal issues relating to the Participant's parents as 
they affect the Participant. The service includes reviewing documents of 
the parents to advise the Participant of the effect on the Participant. 
The documents include Medicare or Medicaid materials, prescription 
plans, leases, nursing home agreements, powers of attorney, living wills 
and wills. The service also includes preparing deeds involving the 
parents when the Participant is either the grantor or grantee; and 
preparing promissory notes involving the parents when the Participant is 
the payor or payee.

Uncontested Guardianship or Conservatorship
This service covers establishing an uncontested guardianship or 
conservatorship over a person and his or her estate when the Plan Member 
or spouse is being appointed as guardian or conservator. It includes 
obtaining a permanent and/or temporary guardianship or conservatorship, 
gathering any necessary medical evidence, preparing the paperwork, 
attending the hearing and preparing the initial accounting. If the 
proceeding becomes contested, the
Plan Member or spouse must pay all additional legal fees. This service 
does not include representation of the person over whom guardianship or  
conservatorship is sought, any annual accountings after the initial 
accounting or terminating the guardianship or conservatorship once it 
has been established.


-- 
Hanh