Subject: Re: NORTHROP GRUMMAN CORP - ADVANTAGE LEGAL SERVICES PLAN
From: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
Date: 4/30/2023, 11:12 AM
To: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>


Ok.  Thanks for summarizing Dad's  illogical thinking.  It will be good 
for him to spin for a little bit and get good and scared. At some point, 
there will be emergency calls for damage control.

I will do some legal consultations on my own to understand legal options 
when the time comes. Id like to avoid being in a reactive mode.

H.





On Sun, Apr 30, 2023, 7:51 AM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com 
<mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

    I am puzzled by this message, hence my texts to you last evening.

    Dad basically wants the following sequence:

    * He wants the public guardianship "cancelled" on the premise that a
    Living Will takes care of all matters sufficiently.

    * He wants the Living Will to be revocable.  (This is why he got
    upset when I told him that if he revokes the POA part of the Living
    Will, he'll be reverted back to a public guardianship.)

    * To the extent he is controlled by a POA, he wants complete control
    over whoever is doing the POA.

    * He wants to be the one who revises the Living Will in such a way
    as to work around the public guardianship.

    This is what I'd suggest to you.  I think researching POA won't be a
    good use of your time.  Instead, let him learn about the public
    guardianship via his own experience and lawyer.  Both will consume
    his assets, but that will be his price to pay for learning the hard way.

    After he suffers financially, maybe he will ask us for help.  At
    that point he will be realistic about what he can ask of us.

    But I think he won't do that.  His health is declining so fast that
    I doubt he will last more than a year or two.

    Huy

    On Sat, Apr 29, 2023 at 8:34 PM Hanh Cao Yu
    <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org
    <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> wrote:

        Huy,

        I will set up a 30-minute legal consultation setup through my
        work just to better understand how to proceed with Dad's Will
        and trust setup for POA and springing trusteeship.  If they make
        a referral, my coverage offers 25% off.

        Jeff's work has more generous coverage.  Below are the relevant
        items.  I will set up a consultation also, and see if they can,
        at minimum, setup a durable, general POA document.

        H.



        Elder Law Matters

        This service covers counseling the Participant over the phone or
        in the office on  any personal issues relating to
        the Participant's parents as they affect the Participant. The
        service includes reviewing documents of the parents to advise
        the Participant of the effect on the Participant. The documents
        include Medicare or Medicaid materials, prescription plans,
        leases, nursing home agreements, powers of attorney, living
        wills and wills. The service also includes preparing deeds
        involving the parents when the Participant is either the grantor
        or grantee; and preparing promissory notes involving the parents
        when the Participant is the payor or payee.

        Uncontested Guardianship or Conservatorship
        This service covers establishing an uncontested guardianship or
        conservatorship over a person and his or her estate when the
        Plan Member or spouse is being appointed as guardian or
        conservator. It includes obtaining a permanent and/or temporary
        guardianship or conservatorship, gathering any necessary medical
        evidence, preparing the paperwork, attending the hearing and
        preparing the initial accounting. If the proceeding becomes
        contested, the
        Plan Member or spouse must pay all additional legal fees. This
        service does not include representation of the person over whom
        guardianship or  conservatorship is sought, any annual
        accountings after the initial accounting or terminating the
        guardianship or conservatorship once it has been established.


        -- 
        Hanh