Subject: Re: New theory!
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 4/14/2023, 7:37 AM
To: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>


I'm not sure we have much of a choice ... To me, #2 seems like the only 
choice.  #1 poses a very high risk, given his behavior and history.  The 
additional wildcard risk is Annalise's behavior.  The two of them have a 
dysfunctional relationship, but it is a relationship, and they like 
sticking together.  I think they have an affinity for each other 
*because* of their disordered mental world, and the fact that the other 
person tolerates it, and provides them each with a sense of controlling 
the other.

So the wildcard here is that Annalise is healthier than Dad and could 
convince him to marry and then eventually take his house and assets 
(whether naturally or by "premature" death!).  She is quite low 
functioning, but the one thing she can still do well is manipulate Dad, 
like a fiddle.  During the time when she felt chummy with me, she told 
me that she can have men under her thumb, so that's something she must 
have done more often when she was younger.

The one must-have for Dad is to keep Annalise.  He will fight 
tooth-and-nail if he feels the conservatorship will take that away from 
him.  As you say, he will distrust the conservatorship in any case, but 
by telling him that we won't thwart the two of them being together, he 
is much more likely to remain on speaking terms with us and eventually 
appreciate the benefits of the conservatorship approach.  We also need 
him not to "run away" or feel imprisoned as in the past.

If we want to go through with this approach, then I suggest that the two 
of us meet face to face with him very soon, just before filing for 
conservatorship.  Or if you want, I'll meet with him this weekend?  (I 
will tell him that an APS call triggered me to make an emergency visit 
down here.)

Huy

On Thu, Apr 13, 2023 at 10:19 PM Hanh Cao Yu 
<hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> 
wrote:

    I agree that Dad had a turning point when he couldn't get his way to
    bring Analise up to Bay Area.  BUT, just telling him our intention
    or threatening him with a conservatorship is not enough to get him
    to cooperate, whether Annalise is involved or not.  If he knows, he
    will resist even more.

    There are basically two options:

    1) Let Dad be b/c he really wants to die in HB with Annalise and
    struggle with all of his misery.
    2) Set up a conservatorship and make him unhappy and resentful, but
    safe and out of criminal activities and homelessness.

    Neither are great options.

    H.



    On Thu, Apr 13, 2023 at 9:57 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
    <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

        Hi Hanh,

        Dropping Mom off the CC for this message, since it involves
        Annalise.

        We are probably overthinking this!  I think back to all of Dad's
        reactions and signals, and conclude that Dad wants to stay in HB
        for two main reasons.  First, Annalise is there.  And second,
        for inertia and comfort, because basically he has given up on
        improving his own health.

        He was willing to move up to SJ when he was plotting for
        Annalise to come up here with him.  I remember the one day that
        I flatly said to him that we (Hanh, Hien, Huy) are not
        responsible for Annalise.  The next day, he called me up and
        said he wanted to return to HB "to die there."

        Conclusion:  I think he may go along with the following steps,
        which give him much of what he wants.

        * We tell him we're filing for a conservatorship.
            - He can't take care of himself physically.
            - He can't drive but has been driving.
            - He keeps getting into *legal* and financial trouble.
            - We know about all the bad stuff he's done.  (Kind of
        bluffing here, but it plays on his guilty conscience.)

        * We tell him we won't exclude Annalise, that is not our
        intention.  (This should weaken his will to resist the
        conservatorship.)

        * We tell him our basic plan is to move him to the Bay Area,
        after obtaining the conservatorship, where we can manage an
        assisted living situation for him.

        * To obtain a conservatorship, we prep by documenting as much as
        we can of his misdeeds and current poor quality of life.

        * Later, in dealing with Annalise (after obtaining
        conservatorship), I think the problem will take care of itself:
            - She might not even want to move here.
            - Both are in poor health.  One or both may pass away soon, etc.
            - The two of them might "break up" soon anyway.
            - We will not flatly break our promise to Dad.  But rather,
        we impose conditions on Annalise.  E.g., she and Dad can live
        together, but she will have to pay half the cost of their
        assisted-living situation.

        The basic idea here is to obtain control, to sell the house, and
        to move Dad here, but basically do it in a way that he himself
        would have done anyway.  So he will not prefer this, but he'll
        also see benefits in having us handle things he can no longer
        handle.  Ultimately, we have decision-making, which will prevent
        him from doing nasty things.

        Mom will not go along with this at all, since it includes
        Annalise.  I think Mom won't see that the intention here is to
        have Dad see the conservatorship as a good thing for him, by
        which he can still "die happy" as he sees it.

        Huy



    -- 
    Hanh