Subject: Re: Plan. Thoughts?
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 4/11/2023, 1:56 PM
To: Thanh Huynh <thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>
CC: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>


She made APS sound very soft.  She said that once I open up a case, the 
new worker will "try" to engage Dad.  But if he does not engage (and 
seek help voluntarily), there is nothing more they can do.

On Tue, Apr 11, 2023 at 1:55 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com 
<mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

    Mom/Hanh,

    I still have not called the APS hotline number yet, but I did talk
    to Ken's APS worker, Liz.  She just called me with some follow-up
    questions.

    The talk with her was informal, since she didn't want to expand
    Ken's case.  After I answered her questions, I told her the
    following, to see how severe she thought they were.

    * Dad has one MD's diagnosis of moderate dementia.  Additionally he
    shows many classic symptoms of dementia, such as getting lost.

    * We're concerned that he is driving with an invalid driver license.

    Lastly, Liz already knows all about the landlord-tenant problems,
    some of which sound criminal.  My basic question to her was whether
    APS is willing to push toward taking away personal rights
    (conservatorship) in a case like this.  Her response was:

    * We can try to open up a new APS case focusing on Dad.  She gave me
    the APS hotline number.

    * She also suggested calling the DMV to report Dad; and to call the
    "Office of the Public Guardian OC" for help getting a
    conservatorship started.

    * I thought I told her enough "severe circumstances", but she
    strongly implied that something bad needs to happen before he'll
    lose his rights.  She didn't think any of the above is severe
    enough.  She said several times that "We are always very reluctant
    to take away someone's rights," by which she meant not just judges
    but also other authorities like the courts.

    Huy

    On Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 6:07 PM Thanh Huynh
    <thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com <mailto:thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>> wrote:

        Well , i would leave everything to you
        Onething we should keep in mind is that we do no go ahead and
        show them our  knowledge
        They are professional and more up to date
        Nobody wants to be pushed
        Over the social workersv there  are layers of people on top of them
        We can call again and again gor  following up
        We can request to talk to their supervisor .,.
        Somebody even sent letter to the governor or make a noise. On
        the newspapers


        Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone
        <https://overview.mail.yahoo.com/?.src=iOS>

        On Monday, April 10, 2023, 2:25 PM, Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
        <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

            _Regarding taking full responsibility:_  I agree, but the
            risk windows will hopefully be small slices.

            1. From now until Dad is declared incompetent:  He could
            incur criminal/civil liabilities, but that will work against
            his assets, nobody else's.

            2. Once Dad is declared incompetent, it should be quick to
            gain temporary conservatorship, until that is converted into
            permanent.  Once we have conservatorship, we should get him
            into an assisting living situation ASAP.  There, he won't
            have access to a car, which is the biggest liability.

            3. Eventually, we should transfer the conservatorship to
            Alameda County (probably).  This will make it easier to
            monitor what is happening with him, making sure he has a
            very competent person helping him.  This further reduces
            risk and liability.

            Rather than taking full responsibility, the alternative is
            for the situation to deteriorate until he either dies or is
            forced into a state mandated assisted-living situation,
            which will be paid for by his own assets.  This is not
            terrible, but the conservatorship situation will be easier
            for us to monitor.


            No, I have not talked to APS yet.  I am letting thoughts
            settle before I do so.

            In my opinion, we can't expect APS to force a mental
            evaluation unless we make a strong case.  APS is there to do
            the absolute minimum they have to do to resolve the
            situation.  I'd think of it this way:  The APS worker hears
            a report, and asks herself, "What's the worst that could
            happen?"  If the answer is not catastrophic, they will do
            the minimum they need to do to close the case.

            Example:  We report that he has been driving around without
            a driver license, and that he is harassing his tenant
            (taking away the frig).  The case worker gets there.  They
            don't even see his car (or they find out that maybe it has
            been impounded).  They see the frig was put back, and they
            don't know whether to believe Ken or Dad.  Case closed.

            The charter for them is to find the "least
            restrictive means" of resolving a given situation.  But I
            think that, if the worker feels personally threatened
            (because they could lose their job if they do nothing and
            something bad happens), they will take the case a lot more
            seriously.

            Huy

            On Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 1:26 PM Hanh Cao Yu
            <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org
            <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> wrote:

                Huy,

                Remember that doing the conservatorship means we're
                fully taking in Dad's problems. Whatever you share, well
                Jane to deal with down the line.

                The tenants will readily talk about issues they have
                with Dad as a landlord. The facts win be revealed
                through their investigation.

                The important thing is for you to make the case for them
                to send someone over to start the investigation.

                Did you talk to APS?

                Btw, i got an interesting voicemail from Analise.  She
                said she was interested in getting out of the house into
                a good assisted living situation. I could hear him in
                the background advising her to block my number but it's
                been she who has been calling me, not the other way around.

                Finally, Hien said that Dad is taking steps to change
                his passwords. He won't remember anything to access good
                critical accounts.

                H.



                On Mon, Apr 10, 2023, 10:11 AM Mark Cao
                <mark.cao@gmail.com <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

                    Some thoughts.

                    * Regarding Hien's involvement (long-term):  I view
                    this as a negative because of his lack of empathy
                    toward people without money, elderly, troubled,
                    cognitively impaired, etc.  In the shorter term, he
                    is a poor choice to provide the info to APS because
                    it's all third-hand info to him.  And he does not
                    trust Ken, Dad nor Annalise and cannot judge the
                    truth of their accounts.  So when APS comes back
                    with questions, I don't think he can answer them.
                          The more important point is that, long-term,
                    his lack of empathy really comes across.  I think it
                    could only end badly if he and Dad interact, once we
                    get into the conservatorship phase.

                    * Heating in the home:  It's illegal for landlords
                    not to provide working heating to their tenants.  So
                    that info is about the landlord relationship.

                    * Regarding whether the report should be detailed
                    (which is needed to stress it is an emergency):  I
                    think we cannot submit a weak report.  The time is
                    over for Dad's games.  This must be a strong report
                    that launches some action.  And again, the timing is
                    such that Dad will blame Ken for this report.
                         And we must mention Dad's bad actions because
                    (1) even though the actions could be considered
                    criminal, they aren't, after a mental evaluation is
                    ordered, finding he is incapable.  (2) The APS case
                    worker might be a lazy one who does no real
                    investigation, and just wants to do only the
                    minimum.  We have to submit enough facts to force a
                    mental evaluation.

                    * Regarding whether we need a "good cop" for
                    managing Dad's affairs.  My thinking has changed
                    about this, the reason being, that he will always
                    resent whoever is closest to him who is trying to
                    genuinely help him.  That person will try to prevent
                    him from making very bad decisions.  He resents that
                    because he is the one trying to make (bad!)
                    decisions and hates losing control.
                           The proper first step is conservatorship
                    because it leads to beneficial next steps:  (1) We
                    then can control where he lives.  (2) This is the
                    best way of getting rid of Annalise.  (3) We will
                    then be a united team (no good cops or bad cops),
                    and he can't have an "escape" to Annalise or to a
                    "good cop."

                    * Regarding Dad resenting the person reporting:  (1)
                    The identity of the reporter is kept confidential. 
                    (2) Even if Dad knows the contents of the report, he
                    will suspect his tenants (especially Ken).  (3) Even
                    if he suspects me, what's much more important is the
                    way each person deals with him (the way they talk to
                    him).  So, I'm not too concerned.  (4) Even if he
                    suspects we talked to APS, he will *still* resent us
                    for the conservatorship proceedings later on.
                          So, Mom might be right about this, but I think
                    we need to take the strongest steps toward
                    initiating the conservatorship (via APS
                    intervention).  And this means giving them full
                    details about the bad stuff happening in the house.

                    * If Mom is worried about consequences, you don't
                    have to be involved in any talks with APS.  We
                    talked about you being available on Monday, 4/17,
                    but actually this shouldn't be necessary.

                    * Lastly, please remember, Dad has a "bad
                    conscience" about stuff we don't even know about. 
                    There are dozens of bad incidents with tenants,
                    relatives and others throughout the years that we
                    can't image.  His being forced to sell the house
                    later will put those memories behind him.  He might
                    feel a lot of relief about that after he starts a
                    new chapter of life.

                    Huy

                    On Mon, Apr 10, 2023 at 5:33 AM Thanh Huynh
                    <thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com
                    <mailto:thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>> wrote:

                        You can try to call at 7 am for less waiting time
                        remember to  mention the time that dad got lost,
                        Disoriented , could not find his car and his
                        drivers  licence…


                        Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone
                        <https://overview.mail.yahoo.com/?.src=iOS>

                        On Monday, April 10, 2023, 5:27 AM, Thanh Huynh
                        <thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com
                        <mailto:thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>> wrote:

                            Huy,
                            This is the way the system   worked when i
                            was working for social services over 10 
                            years ago
                            -The social worker on duty of the day takes
                            phone calls of the day and makes separate
                            referrals for each case
                            You do not need to go into details, but you
                            manage to get more immediate attention and
                            prompt action    to our case
                            When the assigned worker call back for more
                            detail you will refer to me or hanh
                            -Emergency referral can go immediately to
                            the supervisor. All referrals will be
                            submitted to the supervisor who prioritizes
                            the level of urgency and  assigns the case
                            to workers of  the unit
                            -Assigned worker then contacts with the
                            caller for more details of the case.
                            -He might request to make a home call with
                            nurses, county Physician, policeman…for
                            immediate action or interagency referral
                            (mental health , financial assistances,
                            housing assistance, fire department,  home
                            shelter assistance…)

                            -You will a be ask for  your name and phone
                            number for more questions
                            - you can mention about  my name as ex wife,
                            hanh’s name for
                            More information and send back ground
                            information status

                            - you should mention  about dad’s
                            social status to get more attention or
                            better treatment ,and
                            for  more experienced or better 
                            knowledgeable worker



                            Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone
                            <https://overview.mail.yahoo.com/?.src=iOS>

                            On Sunday, April 9, 2023, 6:47 PM, Mark Cao
                            <mark.cao@gmail.com
                            <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

                                Also, heating is not provided to tenants
                                during for more attention winter.

                                On Sun, Apr 9, 2023 at 6:44 PM Mark Cao
                                <mark.cao@gmail.com
                                <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

                                    _*On Monday:*_

                                    I'll call Adult Protective Services
                                    and tell them my concerns about Dad.

                                    /Immediate concerns:
                                    /

                                    * He regularly drives without a
                                    valid driver license.
                                        - Recently he has been in
                                    several car accidents.  His car is
                                    possibly impounded now, following
                                    his last accident.

                                    * Threats and plots against one of
                                    the tenants (Ken).
                                        - Unsubstantiated allegations of
                                    rape against that tenant, which were
                                    part of an eviction attempt that was
                                    eventually dropped.

                                    * Illegal harassment of one of the
                                    tenants, for which Adult Protective
                                    Services was called around 4/6.  The
                                    harassment included physical assault
                                    (grabbing clothes and spitting) and
                                    removal of the tenant's refrigerator.

                                    * Health hazards:  House and kitchen
                                    are very dirty.  Feces all over at
                                    least one of the bathrooms.  Bio
                                    odor throughout the house.

                                    * Fire hazards:  blocked access
                                    ways.  Some smoke alarms are not
                                    working.

                                    * Tenants have not been informed of
                                    his mental diagnosis.  Thus they are
                                    exposed to a danger of which they
                                    are unaware.

                                    /Other concerns:/

                                    * He is not taking his meds.  He has
                                    a diagnosis of dementia and
                                    diabetes, but often skips his
                                    prescription meds.

                                    * Public indecency.  He walks around
                                    with his pants dropped below his
                                    buttocks.  He has incontinence
                                    issues but does not wear adult diapers.

                                    * Many police calls to the house
                                    (eight in the last three months),
                                    some of which are against him for
                                    complaints of assault.

                                    * Two pet cats in the home, possibly
                                    inhumane treatment of them.


                                    *_Long-term desire, for County to
                                    assist with:_*

                                    * Declare incapacitance.
                                        - All tenants should be
                                    informed, and sign an informed
                                    consent form.

                                    * Give the family some guidance for
                                    how to be granted full conservatorship.

                                    Huy