Subject: Re: Police encounter on Saturday 4/29
From: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>
Date: 4/30/2023, 11:51 PM
To: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>


Well, it’s good that the police is primarily directing their ire at Ken 
and Annalise.  The amount of police record backs up Michelle’s advice to 
file a restraining order against both of them.  I assume you didn’t talk 
about the RO or eviction with dad yesterday?

H.



On Sun, Apr 30, 2023 at 3:36 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com 
<mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

    Lots of interesting encounters yesterday, perhaps the most
    interesting being the one with police.

    I was at the car locksmith at around 2:15 PM.  The police called me,
    mistaking me for the "landlord."  (I later tried to find out how the
    police got my phone number, but Ken wouldn't fess up to being the
    one.  But there is no other way they could have gotten my phone
    number.)  Since the locksmith was close to Chipper, I went back
    there immediately.

    The police had it up to here with that household.  When I arrived, I
    saw Ken looking every bit like a crazy old man:  Messy long white
    hair, standing on the driveway in a bathrobe, animatedly talking to
    the police.  The police immediately shifted to talking to me, since
    I was the most sane one there.  There were two cops.  Their main points:

    * They have been coming out at least once per week, a tremendous
    waste of city time and resources.

    * They focused most of their exasperation on Ken and Annalise.  They
    said Dad most of the time is quiet whenever they are there.

    * They said Dad's residence is such a nuisance that it has attracted
    the attention of police, city council, the fire department and code
    enforcement.

    * They said if events keep going like this, they will be forced to
    charge Ken and Annalise with misuse of police resources.  They
    singled out Annalise for her false rape accusation of about a week
    ago.  They told me that rape accusations take 2-3 hours to process
    because of how serious they are.

    * Dad heard most of what they said to me.  He seemed to be absorbing
    the info at the moment, interrupting only occasionally, to side with
    Annalise (which made it obvious he didn't get their point).  After
    the police left, it was obvious he didn't take the encounter seriously.

    * The police advised me to apply for an emergency conservatorship,
    including in it the police record at the household, as supporting
    evidence.

    Huy

    On Sun, Apr 30, 2023 at 11:12 AM Hanh Cao Yu
    <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org
    <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> wrote:

        Ok.  Thanks for summarizing Dad's  illogical thinking.  It will
        be good for him to spin for a little bit and get good and
        scared. At some point, there will be emergency calls for damage
        control.

        I will do some legal consultations on my own to understand legal
        options when the time comes. Id like to avoid being in a
        reactive mode.

        H.





        On Sun, Apr 30, 2023, 7:51 AM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
        <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

            I am puzzled by this message, hence my texts to you last
            evening.

            Dad basically wants the following sequence:

            * He wants the public guardianship "cancelled" on the
            premise that a Living Will takes care of all matters
            sufficiently.

            * He wants the Living Will to be revocable.  (This is why he
            got upset when I told him that if he revokes the POA part of
            the Living Will, he'll be reverted back to a public
            guardianship.)

            * To the extent he is controlled by a POA, he wants complete
            control over whoever is doing the POA.

            * He wants to be the one who revises the Living Will in such
            a way as to work around the public guardianship.

            This is what I'd suggest to you.  I think researching POA
            won't be a good use of your time.  Instead, let him learn
            about the public guardianship via his own experience and
            lawyer.  Both will consume his assets, but that will be his
            price to pay for learning the hard way.

            After he suffers financially, maybe he will ask us for
            help.  At that point he will be realistic about what he can
            ask of us.

            But I think he won't do that.  His health is declining so
            fast that I doubt he will last more than a year or two.

            Huy

            On Sat, Apr 29, 2023 at 8:34 PM Hanh Cao Yu
            <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org
            <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> wrote:

                Huy,

                I will set up a 30-minute legal consultation setup
                through my work just to better understand how to proceed
                with Dad's Will and trust setup for POA and springing
                trusteeship.  If they make a referral, my coverage
                offers 25% off.

                Jeff's work has more generous coverage.  Below are the
                relevant items.  I will set up a consultation also, and
                see if they can, at minimum, setup a durable, general
                POA document.

                H.



                Elder Law Matters

                This service covers counseling the Participant over the
                phone or in the office on  any personal issues relating
                to the Participant's parents as they affect the
                Participant. The service includes reviewing documents of
                the parents to advise the Participant of the effect on
                the Participant. The documents include Medicare or
                Medicaid materials, prescription plans, leases, nursing
                home agreements, powers of attorney, living wills and
                wills. The service also includes preparing deeds
                involving the parents when the Participant is either the
                grantor or grantee; and preparing promissory notes
                involving the parents when the Participant is the payor
                or payee.

                Uncontested Guardianship or Conservatorship
                This service covers establishing an uncontested
                guardianship or conservatorship over a person and his or
                her estate when the Plan Member or spouse is being
                appointed as guardian or conservator. It includes
                obtaining a permanent and/or temporary guardianship or
                conservatorship, gathering any necessary medical
                evidence, preparing the paperwork, attending the hearing
                and preparing the initial accounting. If the proceeding
                becomes contested, the
                Plan Member or spouse must pay all additional legal
                fees. This service does not include representation of
                the person over whom guardianship or  conservatorship is
                sought, any annual accountings after the initial
                accounting or terminating the guardianship or
                conservatorship once it has been established.


                -- 
                Hanh

-- 
Hanh