Subject: Why fasting is Dad's best chance of resuming normal health
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 1/24/2023, 9:30 AM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>, HVC BUS <hvcbus@gmail.com>


Hanh and Dad,

Here is a summary of why fasting is a good idea.

First, misconceptions about fasting:

* Fact is, fasting has been done by billions of people for religious and 
medical reasons, including long fasts, throughout human history.  
Fasting is not the same as starvation.  The body has *more* energy to 
draw on, from fat, after insulin production is normalized.  This is why 
people using fat energy are much more alert than people who feast on 
starch (rice) all day.

* The world record for a long fast is 362 days.  It's routine to do safe 
fasts for weeks and months.  Medically speaking, fasts of 5 days and 
under are considered short and safe.

What fasting is:

* Fasting is the phase in which the body devotes all of its energy to 
cellular repair.  Fasting has been natural and normal for one million 
years of human history.  It's only in the last few decades that people 
"fast" only between 9 PM and 7 AM, and spend the rest of the day 
snacking and eating meals.  The human genome was built over the span of 
one million years, not just in the 1970s and the perverse diet advised 
since then.

Diabetes symptoms:

* The first symptom to be cured is high glucose, which is very dangerous 
and defines diabetes.  It can quickly cause limb, eyes and organ failure.

* The second symptom to be cured is _insulin resistance_, which causes:  
extreme fatigue, cognitive reduction, bad sleep, bad circulation, and 
impaired organ functions.  Prediabetic people have insulin resistance.  
It is very misleading for Dad to see his blood glucose becoming more 
normal and then to assume that he is disease free.  In fact, prediabetes 
is the slow killer he has to reverse.

Why medically supervised fasting is Dad's best chance:

* Dad does not have the information nor a history of sticking to a 
healthy diet for a long time (say, a year).

* Dad is likely to appreciate the health improvement that follows 
fasting.  That will be an important motivator for starting a healthy 
diet and sticking to it.

The naps come first, then death of brain cells come second.  Brain cells 
dying, is completely irreversible.

Even if Dad does not do fasting, there are ways to simulate fasting.  
That is what the NAD and resveratrol were all about, but unfortunately, 
Dad rejected that easy route.

Huy