Subject: Re: Jessica Cao, $60K
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 6/6/2023, 2:23 PM
To: Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com>
CC: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>


So, since we are back to the topic of his well being, I should update 
you about that.  Please cut Mom off of the following info, she is being 
non-constructive about Dad and probably does not need to be involved at 
all.  I am including you in this info since you express concern for his 
well-being and may want to get involved.

Dad moving to San Jose was clearly causing him a lot of stress, so I 
switched the plan back to him remaining in Huntington Beach.  There is 
one major problem with this, namely, that he will tend to keep on 
driving.  This is the only drawback I see of the new plan.  For 
everything else, it works out for him.

I am doing remodeling so that most of the Chipper house can become a 
single-family rental.  Basically Dad keeps two bedrooms, a bonus room, 
and two baths, while the new tenant will be occupying the rest of the 
house.  The plan is for the extra income to pay for at-home assisted 
living, along with a contribution from Dad's companion.  He is at a 
point when he can get by with part-time assistance.  We'll see what 
happens when he gets to a greater need.

Dad is doing very well under reduced stress.  His companion is willing 
to get rid of her two cats, which will be another helpful step.

Thanks,
Huy

On Tue, Jun 6, 2023, 1:26 PM Hien Cao <hcaosc@gmail.com 
<mailto:hcaosc@gmail.com>> wrote:

    Same for me. My only wish for dad is to have money to cover his
    expenses and life a comfortable life after a lifetime of hard work
    and any decisions regarding his assets and finances are consistent
    with that.



    On Tue, Jun 6, 2023 at 1:24 PM Hanh Cao Yu
    <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org
    <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> wrote:

        Please take my name off this.

        H.


        On Tue, Jun 6, 2023, 12:49 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
        <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

            Dad is still thinking about the $60K loaned to his niece.  I
            told him to write it off, but he does not really want to. 
            None of his family wants to help him out (including Bac 8,
            the father of Jessica; and Vui, for whose property Dad *is*
            on title -- the Vui property is a completely different
            property).

            Dad is under an impression that Hanh will hire a lawyer to
            sue Jessica.  I let him know that I believe that is not
            happening.

            In Dad's papers, I found a note to the loan company clearly
            stating (1) the transaction date and bank account (but not
            the actual amount) and (2) the intention of the transaction
            being a gift.

            This is what I propose to be done.

            1. While Dad is still alive, I will handle this as a legal
            matter.  After Dad's death, this should be something the two
            of you handle, if you are still interested.  I'd say he has
            a 50/50 chance of prevailing, but I am more interested in
            focusing on other things that further his well-being.  I am
            only doing this because Dad gets so wound up about it, and
            he tends to spin his wheels and get upset when nobody helps him.

            2. I am going to do the equivalent of putting you two as
            beneficiaries of the promissory note.  Since there's no
            promissory note, I'll have to write an "equivalent."

            3. I am going to handle the lawsuit until it gets to court. 
            Then I'll have Dad hire a lawyer to handle in-court procedure.

            If you'd like your name completely off this, let me know.  I
            am pretty sure you should be listed as plaintiffs for this
            to work.  If lawyers get involved on the other side, they
            might create creative and counter-sue.

            Huy