Subject: Re: Fw: Dad’ wellbeing and safety
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 9/2/2024, 3:52 PM
To: Thanh Huynh <thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>
CC: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>


Again. Call Adult Protective Services if you feel he is endangered. But 
please do not do your politics through me.

On Mon, Sep 2, 2024, 3:18 PM Thanh Huynh <thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com 
<mailto:thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>> wrote:




    Sent from Yahoo Mail for iPhone
    <https://mail.onelink.me/107872968?pid=nativeplacement&c=Global_Acquisition_YMktg_315_Internal_EmailSignature&af_sub1=Acquisition&af_sub2=Global_YMktg&af_sub3=&af_sub4=100000604&af_sub5=EmailSignature__Static_>

    Begin forwarded message:

    On Monday, September 2, 2024, 3:45 AM, Thanh Huynh
    <thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com <mailto:thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>> wrote:

        My  attitudes

        -I was trained  to inspect abuse and neglect to children and
        eldrly and had almost 20 years of experience on my social worker job
        - i have been visiting dad since March snd spent more time at
        the  board  and care place the last 3 months. I went thru a lot
        of hardship to do it, nor  talking sleepless sobbing nights
        thinking over and over, how to deal with BC people snd how to
        share it with you …
        I am not an authority, but only a concerned family member!
        -i had been abused for years and mistreated ,  not  only by dad
        but by others becase i allowed them  to do so until i decides to
        quit
        I know how to deal withit and can teach other how to, but i have
        done it my way.
        I am proud to tell you that i am not a failure onthat matter
        -i have  enough quality and tact to deal with difficult people.
        I was successful and reach my goal!

        In the process of evaluating dad’s living condition, i tries 
        very hard to learn what i need to know about dieneric  diet in
        elders by a famoust gerontologist , I talked to di Ba and a very
        smart former university classmate who has a diabetic husband .
        She worked as a nurse aide  at Board and care to t her husband
        to go back to college to be a veterinarian in Pennsylvania !
        I also learned a lot  from  Thu Van, John ans Laura’s mother
        about experience helping  elderly people at home and BC placing !


        -my observations of dad’s BC
        Very  clean. And well organized
          Owner is very good in socializing skills

        -Reason i told Hang that “ Dad was nicer with others than with
        me”, just ignore him !  ( dad nerver told me not to come, but 
        he squeezed my hands several times and did not want me to leave
        ) when Hang  told me several times  that dad told her not to
        come ( “ đuôi”)
        You sure know how i response to you Hang  way!

        Dad was very sad any time i left him and I always promis that i
        would be back
        I have to keep my promise   , because of my personality, my
        humanity and because i understand him!

        Everybody is very comfortable to share with me problems and even
        to give  me funning advice, because i  know how to listen and i
        an very nice, always avoid to embarrass others!

        My observations about dad’s treating at the BC
        1-it is a routing to feed him dinnet in bed
        2 - he choked  at lear twice every meal when Ally feed him
        3- he can eat and swallow better but  food should be thin or
        puree, not similar to the bow of rice i show to you
        I have basic knowledge of nutrition! I bring very little fruits,
        like watermelon, soft melon, plums grapes pears to him, but
        NOT  fruit juice. He needs fiber, and variety and appetite, but
        not fructose!
        4 - he needs to be in elevated and straight up position when eating
        When Ally feed him last time, dad was leaning too much to the
        wall side to the point that his mouth  was drooping to right 
        side and liquid drooling. She and I keep cleaning for him but
        she refused to strait him up. I kept pushing him and used 2
        small small pillows to keep him more upright
        It is easier and more professinal to straight him up than 
        sitting  on one side on his bed to feed him and complain about
        back ache
        5-every body can eat better with teeth! I went through a lot to
        convince dad to put on dentures himself and clean his dentures
        and make sure that  workers help him to do it!
        Unless we close our eyes, we feel pain in our heart when we see
        dad eating such food with bare gum without drinking occasionally
        to flush down  that foods . He choked  and he finally threw up
        on bed when she left! I cleaned his clothes and pillow and i
        told Ally about it when there were  soiled spots and stuffs in
        the trash can
        - she always refused to let me give him water or even holding
        the cup himself
        It is faster  eat without dentures ans skip
        intermittent  drinking  then put away the left over water
        Nobody like an observer ( even smiling and very polite) , but
        assertive!
        I must say that Ally is a people’s pleaser . She speaks and
        smiles all the time! She speaks english a lot better the other
        workersand she knows how to please and fool others
        She can be a good worker to her boss! The owner doesnt witness
        such thing, but oly see a worker who always smiles and does the
        jobs quickly   amd talks nicely, and cleans the house pecfectly!
        She sounds goods but we have to think about It. We do not care
        about
        the management, but we care about our love ones
        I gave up on dad a long time ago
        People are very wrong the i need a warm body or anything from dad!
        I already proved it! I do not let anybody  butter me up or
        brushe me off or sand blasting me
        When it needs to be strong, i stand up

        I can not let dad speechless and helpless like that! He deserves
        better! We have to face the truth and do something to improve te
        situation effectively or find a solution! There a plenty of
        alternative!
        Make sure that enen when  labeled dementia . But i had a medical
        statement regarding my mental status  At  my old age i still
        have energy  to fight for good cause
          please understand your mother! I am too proud to rely on
        others or to ask for assistance if i do  not in urgent
        I still  remember what i did for others
        I do not ask anybody to pay back, but i demand others to treat
        me as a decent mother because i really really deserve that !