Subject: Re: Carolyn & Man's party
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 12/16/2024, 1:34 PM
To: Hanh Cao Yu <hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>


Fyi, he has not been confined to that house. He regularly goes outdoors, 
typically two to four times per week. He likes getting outside and going 
to the park. He went out for a Thanksgiving 2024 lunch.

Dad does not have any kind of a relationship to speak of with Di 3 or 
her family.  Remember that he did not recognize Di 9 with whom he had 
more substantial interactions over the years. If we were talking about 
his side of the family, who mean much more to him, I'd be more moved. 
But let's keep this in perspective: his perspective.

I agree with you, his health has improved. This is despite being given a 
high load of fruits and sugary drinks that he should not have been given 
by some visitors in recent months.

I do not have enough details about the holiday gathering you mentioned. 
Please give me more details and then I can let you know if I can give 
him a ride.

Thanks.  Huy

On Mon, Dec 16, 2024, 1:00 PM Hanh Cao Yu 
<hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org <mailto:hanh.cao.yu@stanfordalumni.org>> 
wrote:

    Let's check with Kaiser, but my understanding is that Dad needs to
    be recertified for hospice care every 3-4 months.  He seems to be
    much better since he left the hospital in July.  In fact, I think
    he's the best since he's come up to SJ.

    On going to the Man's party, he's been confined in the BC for many
    months 24/7.  I, as one of the designated health care agent am
    listening for his mental health, social needs.  While it's good to
    have people visit, it's not the same.

    Are you willing to transport him if you're concerned about his
    safety?  I can let you know drop off and pick up times.

    H.

    On Mon, Dec 16, 2024 at 12:28 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
    <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

        The B&C notified me that they heard your request over the
        weekend. They told me that van tranport likely would affect
        Dad's status of qualifying for hospice. They're getting more
        clarification about that and will let us know.


        On Sun, Dec 15, 2024, 5:14 AM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com
        <mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

            Hi Hanh,

            I received your text:

            Screenshot_20241215_043139.jpg

            It sounds like a fun gathering is in store for your family,
            Hien and Mom at a family holiday party at Man and Carolyn's
            home, with an opportunity to visit Man's mother. I wish all
            of you a Happy Holidays and Merry Winter Solstice!

            While Dad should not be visiting, you can let Man's mother
            and everybody else with whom Dad has had a relationship that
            they may visit him at his residence at any time. As you
            know, I neither desire nor have restricted Dad from any kind
            of association or visitation in the past.

            What you described in your text is unusual. B&Cs follow very
            strict rules, otherwise their license would be jeopardized.
            There are numerous bodies that have oversight of them, so
            they would never knowingly do anything unethical.

            For this particular case, there is a background of dealings
            that have been seemingly borderline dubious, perhaps
            unethical.  You may not know about these things, and it
            seems like a good idea that you should know.

            In early November, Mom said "a student" was visiting Dad.
            This "student" ended up being Elena, the owner of a B&C in
            Castro Valley, doing the routine screening of someone before
            admittance to a new residence.  I have never, ever known of
            a B&C or any other Senior Living facility going to another
            facility under false pretenses. This is outrageous conduct
            from someone hungry for a buck.

            Later in November, I learned that Mom deposited $4,500 on
            her own to Elena. I informed Elena that her knowingly
            accepting money from an ex-wife with no custody was very
            unethical conduct for a B&C owner. Rather than address her
            own actions, she continually attempted to be evasive and to
            steer the dialog back to "oh your poor mother."

            Around mid-November, Mom attempted to take Dad out of the
            current facility.  It sounded like false pretenses to me,
            but I have no way of getting into Mom's head and knowing for
            sure. She got on the phone with an elder transport service
            in my presence, as if calling for an appointment. Then she
            asked me for his photo ID, required to transport Dad. I said
            to her, no, because there was some likelihood that she would
            use that pretense to transport him to Elena's home or
            elsewhere. If so, that would put her into very serious legal
            trouble. Mom is not thinking things through, and it would be
            very easy for her to get into a situation she cannot back
            out of. I would never ever call the police on Mom, but of
            course, the B&C would have to call APS. APS in turn would
            have to do their duty of informing other authorities.
            Getting into a hot mess should not be how Mom wants to spend
            many months of her golden years.

            In the case you mentioned, TBH it doesn't make sense. The
            staff, in such a case, might be polite to you, but they
            would never do that kind of thing on their own, otherwise
            they would be fired and face criminal charges.  They would
            always go through the owners.  It sounds like you did not
            talk to the owners directly before you gave me the heads up.
            I cannot let these things get too far because it starts with
            good intentions and innocently, but soon spirals into
            involvements that were not anticipated by all parties.

            Would you please also consider that Man and Carolyn do not
            know the backdrop, but are getting involved in a lot of
            trouble that they probably do not really want. I cannot
            begin to guess what's happening here, but please be aware
            that if Mom is planning something, she would get herself
            into serious trouble and drag others down with her.

            This does not mean that I don't want Dad to have interaction
            or in any way be restricted.  To the contrary, you have seen
            in the past that I tried to bring him to Caroline's
            reception and other events.  And this still holds true. 
            Man's mother, Hien, Carolyn and Man are also welcome to
            visit Dad at his residence if they would like to do that.

            Thank you for your understanding,
            Huy



    -- 

    /Hanh Cao Yu/

    Connect: https://calendly.com/hanhcaoyu
    <https://calendly.com/hanhcaoyu>  |
    https://www.linkedin.com/in/hanh-cao-yu/
    <https://www.linkedin.com/in/hanh-cao-yu/>