Subject: Carolyn & Man's party
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 12/15/2024, 5:14 AM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>


Hi Hanh,

I received your text:

Screenshot_20241215_043139.jpg

It sounds like a fun gathering is in store for your family, Hien and Mom 
at a family holiday party at Man and Carolyn's home, with an opportunity 
to visit Man's mother. I wish all of you a Happy Holidays and Merry 
Winter Solstice!

While Dad should not be visiting, you can let Man's mother and 
everybody else with whom Dad has had a relationship that they may visit 
him at his residence at any time. As you know, I neither desire nor have 
restricted Dad from any kind of association or visitation in the past.

What you described in your text is unusual. B&Cs follow very strict 
rules, otherwise their license would be jeopardized. There are numerous 
bodies that have oversight of them, so they would never knowingly do 
anything unethical.

For this particular case, there is a background of dealings that have 
been seemingly borderline dubious, perhaps unethical.  You may not know 
about these things, and it seems like a good idea that you should know.

In early November, Mom said "a student" was visiting Dad. This "student" 
ended up being Elena, the owner of a B&C in Castro Valley, doing the 
routine screening of someone before admittance to a new residence.  I 
have never, ever known of a B&C or any other Senior Living facility 
going to another facility under false pretenses. This is outrageous 
conduct from someone hungry for a buck.

Later in November, I learned that Mom deposited $4,500 on her own to 
Elena. I informed Elena that her knowingly accepting money from an 
ex-wife with no custody was very unethical conduct for a B&C owner. 
Rather than address her own actions, she continually attempted to be 
evasive and to steer the dialog back to "oh your poor mother."

Around mid-November, Mom attempted to take Dad out of the current 
facility.  It sounded like false pretenses to me, but I have no way of 
getting into Mom's head and knowing for sure. She got on the phone with 
an elder transport service in my presence, as if calling for an 
appointment. Then she asked me for his photo ID, required to transport 
Dad. I said to her, no, because there was some likelihood that she would 
use that pretense to transport him to Elena's home or elsewhere. If so, 
that would put her into very serious legal trouble. Mom is not thinking 
things through, and it would be very easy for her to get into a 
situation she cannot back out of. I would never ever call the police on 
Mom, but of course, the B&C would have to call APS. APS in turn would 
have to do their duty of informing other authorities. Getting into a hot 
mess should not be how Mom wants to spend many months of her golden years.

In the case you mentioned, TBH it doesn't make sense. The staff, in such 
a case, might be polite to you, but they would never do that kind of 
thing on their own, otherwise they would be fired and face criminal 
charges.  They would always go through the owners.  It sounds like you 
did not talk to the owners directly before you gave me the heads up. I 
cannot let these things get too far because it starts with good 
intentions and innocently, but soon spirals into involvements that were 
not anticipated by all parties.

Would you please also consider that Man and Carolyn do not know the 
backdrop, but are getting involved in a lot of trouble that they 
probably do not really want. I cannot begin to guess what's happening 
here, but please be aware that if Mom is planning something, she would 
get herself into serious trouble and drag others down with her.

This does not mean that I don't want Dad to have interaction or in any 
way be restricted.  To the contrary, you have seen in the past that I 
tried to bring him to Caroline's reception and other events.  And this 
still holds true.  Man's mother, Hien, Carolyn and Man are also welcome 
to visit Dad at his residence if they would like to do that.

Thank you for your understanding,
Huy