Subject: Dad's situation
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 11/4/2024, 3:31 PM
To: Thanh Xuan Huynh <Thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>


Hi Mom,

I plan to check out Blessing Home Assisted Living later this week.

As for future litigation, Hien and Hanh will do whatever they feel is 
best. I am okay wih whatever they do, and I will not take any action 
now, as you are suggesting, to try to influence them. My attitude is 
summarized by:  que sera sera.  I don't feel strongly either way about 
this issue of inheritance as you think I do.

And thank you for having hopes of rehabbing Dad physically and mentally. 
However, you do not know his past status in detail. Prior to his stroke 
(July 2023), he was much healthier than he is now. Even at that time, he 
was drowning in his HB home in his own feces and urine. Even then, he 
already began to suffer severely from his neural degeneration due to his 
/diabetes/, which is the result of eating too much starch, sugar, and 
*fruits*.

/I doubt you understand the importance of his diabetes management. 
Anabelle's family is from a medical background, and they do understand. 
This is one of the reasons for the conflicts about food between you and 
them: the fruits you bring cannot help him./

His basic health problem is his diabetes. /I repeat, his basic health 
issue is diabetes. And putting him under the full control of someone who 
cannot understand that, will not rehabilitate him./
/
/
I had to help Dad, starting in October 2022 when I saw how bad his 
living condition was. I really had no choice:  Everybody else was 
saying, "I have my own life!"

I heavily involved Hanh until May 2023. After several weekends of 
convincing him, I finally had him sign Hanh as his full durable POA. Not 
one day passed after that until she completely misread his wishes and 
would allow him to return to her home only under her conditions. Because 
of that, he decided he made a mistake to assign the POA to her. And I 
also agreed with him, that having Hanh as the POA could never work. It 
never works to treat someone else with "My way or the highway."

Hanh thought I spent too much of my weekends going to HB to help him. 
She often encouraged me not to. But how could I not help a parent, when 
he was drowning in feces and urine? I could not just say, "I have my own 
life!" as some advised me to.

I was spending so much of my time helping Dad that I needed efficiency. 
After obtaining POA, I:

* Evicted all his difficult tenants.
* Completely cleaned out his house.
* Prepared his home either for sale or new rental.
* Moved him to San Jose and into a B&C.
* Tied up all his legal loose ends with loans and court cases.

I could not have done all that without the POA. And I could not have 
done that with Hanh as POA, because she didn't have a good feel for how 
to work with Dad without upsetting him.

Does this make it clearer to you about Dad's situation and my 
involvement in it?

As for what you do with your situation, it does not make any sense to me 
that you think this should be part of a family agreement. Dad's 
decisions were his own; that's normal and it's how it should be. I just 
don't understand why you are involving me in your inheritance decisions. 
They should be exclusively your decision, and they are not my business 
at all. So, please. Leave me out of that and just make your own 
decisions. I want no part of your decision. "You have your own life!" :-)

Best regards,
Huy