Subject: Your text
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 12/19/2024, 7:00 AM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>


Hi Hanh,

Regarding your text:

 > Okay. I'm exhausted & looking for a productive conversation. I don't 
have the answers but know that we're at common purpose to provide Dad 
the highest quality of life, given his condition and for Mom to not go 
to an early grave. They are less than perfect but deserve respect and 
dignity in their old age. How can we reset?

My view about helping Mom:  I can help her with plumbing and electrical, 
etc.  I can help her with menial chores, which I am actually glad to do, 
but all other ways of helping her have proven to be unproductive.  To 
give you just one example, Hang and I took several days to lay all the 
groundwork for selling her burial properties in Westminster, down to the 
contractual details and even getting GPS coordinates for the plots to be 
sold.  Despite understanding very little of all that, when it came time 
to post a listing, she thought the listing price (which I emphasized to 
her isn't real and could easily be adjusted to market) was too low. She 
then went on a wild goose chase of getting a higher price quoted from 
Duong 8. When asked for a real price, he referred her to a real-estate 
agent, who actually never returned her calls.

All of this is to say that it seems Mom is not helpable by me. I think 
she listens to you somewhat. But it's not a good use of time for me to 
help Mom, except for being useful to her (which, again, I have been glad 
to do).

This is why I prefer not to tie together the two issues. I have a legal 
obligation to keep Dad safe in reasonable accommodations, while my 
obligation to Mom is informal.

I disagreed with Mom reviving her driver license a few years back, 
because her driving is truly unsafe and not getting better. However, all 
of that was left to her, as she does not listen to advice. I even helped 
her to practice driving, because it's needed to separate my opinion from 
how I help her.  To your point of how do we help her to keep healthy, I 
simply don't know how to help a person of that level of stubbornness.  
If I knew, I would have been able to help her by now.

When Mom insisted on "helping" Dad, that is when I had to actively give 
her my opinion instead of just saying passive. By insisting her 
decisions be implemented for Dad, she setup conflicts with everyone else 
who currently is concretely helping Dad. This is the true source of the 
conflicts between her and me.

If Mom is wise, she would do some of the following: change her diet, to 
drastically slow her mental decline; move to an area where she can walk 
to most of the places she needs; give up her driving license and start 
taking Uber. She might be headed to an early grave, but these things are 
more under her control than anybody else's.

Huy