Subject: What am I going to do with you?
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 1/11/2025, 12:47 PM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>
CC: Thanh Xuan Huynh <Thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>


Hanh,

What am I going to do with you?  You completely exasperate me.  Your 
behavior, in fact, is borderline abusive *toward Dad*.  Put yourself in 
his shoes:

* Your exercising of decision-making should be respected.  How would you 
feel if your decisions weren't respected?  How would you feel if, say, 
Huy interfered with POA decision making for Thanh Huynh?  Or, Huy 
interfered with the POA decision making for Hanh Yu?

* You (in Dad's shoes) explicitly rejected Thanh Huynh and Hanh Yu as 
your Durable POAs, by reassigning the POA.  I already chronicled what 
led up to that, at the time before his stroke nearly two years ago when 
he still had significant reasoning faculties.  Frankly, he had very good 
reasons for choosing someone else to help him in accordance with his 
wishes.  Notice how you and Mom, with your extremely bossy and 
overbearing personalities, could only stand to deal with Dad once he 
lost his ability to verbally respond to your overbearing behavior?

* You wrote the following to Dr. Yap, again exceeding your bounds:

    Dear Dr. Yap,
    I am the daughter of Mr. Cao who was admitted into hospice six
    months ago. Under thoughtful care and attention from my family (my
    mother who has increased the frequency of visits to him since
    admission into hospice) he has shown marked I,provements—greater
    alertness (speaking more clearly, less aspiration, greater recall of
    people and recent events) with good appetite for Vietnamese homemade
    food), movement of his left hand, interest in going outdoors, etc.)
    I believe that hospice is no longer necessary. Can a meeting be set
    up with me and my brothers, Hien Cao and Huy Cao to discuss?
    Thank you for your immediate response.
    Hanh Cao Yu
    (510) 331-7454


* You did not bother to even research hospice protocols.  Had you done 
so, you would have seen that a six-month review is automatic.

* You are continually misrepresenting yourself to professionals.  For 
example, for you to include Hien Cao is a gross misrepresentation of how 
involved he should be.  Hien is the one who recommended death for Dad 
right after his stroke.  You also misrepresent yourself as a caring 
daughter, when your view has been that Dad wishes for death. Another 
example, you represent Dad improving under Mom's care.  (1) Dad was 
under B&C care; (2) Mom visited on average two days per week, often 
overloading him with fructose, which gives him a temporary glucose high, 
but makes his condition worse the rest of the week.

You really have gone way too far.  You do not bother to do basic 
research, and your current actions are not in Dad's interests at all.  
To the contrary, perhaps you're interfering in his care only because the 
hospice found Mom's outbursts so uncompelling, that you are penalizing 
them and acting on *her* behalf rather than Dad's.

You and Mom have been so disruptive to Dad's care that you are *this* 
close to having your visitation rights revoked.

Cordially,
Huy