Subject: "Greed"
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 1/9/2025, 6:39 PM
To: Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>, Thanh Xuan Huynh <Thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>


Hanh and Mom,

I've been directly accused by Hanh and Hien of being greedy for Dad's 
money, and indirectly through Mom's comments praising Hanh and Jeff for 
not accepting their parents' money by cutting out Jeff's younger 
brother. Recently, Hanh wrote that I want Dad to die to get his money. I 
want to set the record straight by outlining the events chronologically, 
as memories seem to fade rapidly and be selective when it comes to Dad.

Q4 2022 - I was in Orange County at least once per three weeks to be 
with Dad and Annalise. His living conditions were poor, with no 
competent help while he welcomed help.

January 2023 - Hien, Hanh, and I plotted to bring Dad to San Jose, 
hoping he could be persuaded to stay permanently. Hien and Hanh had a 
different agenda, leading to Dad staying at my home only one day and at 
Hanh's property the remainder of his time.

February 2023 - Hien had Dad diagnosed for dementia, which led to his 
driver license being immediately suspended, severely damaging the 
relationship with Hien. Hanh then upset Dad by making him feel 
imprisoned at her home beyond the agreed time (his birthday on 2/1), 
which almost severed their relationship as well. Despite being grouped 
with them as a "bad child," I worked to repair my relationship with Dad 
by visiting him every couple of weeks after February. He then 
immediately forgave me, unlike with Hanh and Hien, who did not attempt 
to repair the relationship at all, despite my telling them that seeing 
him face to face is the only way to do it.

March - May 2023 - I visited OC biweekly, then weekly in May, helping 
with cleanup, possibly selling his house, and managing social services 
incidents.

May 12, 2023 - I worked very hard to persuade Dad signing a Power of 
Attorney (POA) to Hanh. Hanh's part in this was to send me a few texts a 
day.  Once she had the POA, she refused to host Dad the following week 
unless on her terms, citing that he had been insulting to her family in 
February. This put me in an impossible situation of trying to manage 
Hanh to help Dad.  Obviously, Dad did not want to be controlled by Hanh.

May 15, 2023 - Dad assigned a POA to me, and while he wanted to transfer 
his home title, I declined, valuing his relationship with all his 
children. I noticed his Living Trust was outdated, which led to 
accusations of greed when I discussed updating it with Hien and Hanh. 
They claimed no interest in Dad's money but wouldn't commit this in 
writing. Later, Dad updated his trust, giving liquid assets to Hien and 
Hanh and the Chipper property to me for my management role. I convinced 
him to give the assets to them, not to me as he suggested, because I 
told him it's a better idea to keep them in your life and involved than 
to slight them.

May 16-23, 2023 - Dad was in San Jose for a week, agreeing to stay 
permanently if I would help him. He was completely miserable here, so I 
knew it wouldn't work.  I brought him back to OC, under a changed plan 
of remodeling his house so he could make income and afford at-home 
assisted living.

July 2023 - After Dad's stroke, Hien made harsh comments about both Dad 
and me, blaming both of us for Dad's stroke, and accusing me of greed 
again. I then formally requested to be excluded from Mom's inheritance, 
especially since Mom's assets are significantly more than Dad's.
One week before Dad's stroke, Hanh said she didn't want a penny from 
Dad.  One week after his stroke, I asked Hanh to put that in writing so 
that Hien would get all the liquid assets later on without legal 
problems. She said the topic "gave her a headache," and she refused to 
do so.

October 2024 (est.) - I reiterated my refusal of Mom's money after she 
again implied my greed.

January 2025 - Hanh accused me of wanting Dad to die for his money. 
Really!  Let's look at facts.  I've actively pushed against his morphine 
prescription and restored his discontinued medications for diabetes and 
high blood pressure, clearly not signs of someone wanting to wish Dad a 
quick death. The B&C owner Anabelle and I always have allied together 
against Kaiser's soft euthenasia tactics.

My euthenasia-happy sister's accusation that I want a quick death for my 
father's money is possibly more insulting than even Hien's foaming at 
the mouth.  What I want much more is for Dad to live *in peace*, free 
from harassment and brainwashing, and as free of physical pain as 
possible in the time he has left.

This letter is my final effort to lay out the facts clearly. I hope this 
written account will encourage a more considered view of the situation.

Huy