Subject: Re: Permission revoked for Jacqulyn Huynh and Hanh Yu
From: Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com>
Date: 1/17/2025, 3:29 PM
To: RYAN ABLAN <kingdomheartscarehome@yahoo.com>, "Melanie N. Nombrado" 
<melanie.nombrado@yahoo.com>
CC: Thanh Xuan Huynh <Thanhxhuynh2003@yahoo.com>, Hanh Yu <hanhcaoyu@gmail.com>


I thought about this a lot and realized that Jacquelyn Huynh is 
initiating most of the disruption. So I would like to disallow her, but 
let Hanh Yu keep visiting as she might wish to.

On Fri, Jan 17, 2025, 1:15 PM Mark Cao <mark.cao@gmail.com 
<mailto:mark.cao@gmail.com>> wrote:

    Dear Anabelle, Ryan and Melanie,

    I wish to revoke my mother's and sister's permission to visit my
    father at Kingdom Hearts Care Home of San Jose, effective
    immediately. Acting in my father's best interest, I do not have to
    explain why, but somehow I still feel the need. Their disruptions to
    my father's care have gone on for much too long.

    The trouble began around the time my mother started visiting
    frequently, in 2024. She often brought food and borrowed space in
    the common refrigerator. Your workers were overly tolerant, as they
    allowed her to keep even uncovered meat in the refrigerator. She
    also brought expired foods (yogurt, nutrient milk) on several
    occasions, and your workers threw that out as soon as they could,
    but not before it had been sitting in the refrigerator.  As late as
    New Year's 2025, my sister, Hanh Yu, was present when my mother was
    asked once again (I recall by Melanie) to refrain from bringing
    expired foods to my father.  But to this day, neither my mother nor
    sister have acknowledged that it may be harmful to my father to be
    fed expired food.

    In June 2024, my father was brought to the ER because of a digestive
    tract blockage. This was in the same week that expired packaged food
    brought by my mother had been identified and thrown away. I think
    none of us can fault an honest mistake. The issue here is that my
    mother doesn't think anything she did was to my father's detriment.
    Furthermore, she blames food problems on the facility, when she
    herself is more likely to have brought harm to my father.

    My mother started being very aggressive against the facility last
    year, often doing video recordings and taking photos. This seems to
    have been her way of intentional nuisance and threatening the
    facility with wrong-doing.  She also accused one of your workers,
    Ally, of abuse and negligence, privately to me.  I saw that she
    based that on personal dispute rather than concrete concerns. But I
    told her that if she felt strongly about it, she should report that
    to APS. She never did.

    She has also accused me of physically assaulting her, despite that I
    have to deal with her, as my father's responsible party, whether I
    like it or not. She has indiscriminately done everything she can to
    create disruptions to further her own goals.

    My mother outrageously accused Kingdom of regularly feeding my
    father only rice and broth. Later, we found out that she had asked
    the workers to do that, saying that it was easier for my father to
    swallow. Yet, she showed the photo to many people, not bothering to
    let them know she encouraged it.

    My mother has repeatedly violated rules, and when called on it, she
    is combative. An example is when she had a runny nose and was asked
    to wear a mask, not just for my father's sake, but also for all
    other elderly residents. My mother's argumentative reply was, "Why
    don't others have to follow rules?"

    My mother tried to pull in a Redwood Hospice social worker named "D"
    into the dispute she was having with Kingdom and me. A meeting was
    held in November 2024, with my mother failing to be convincing why
    she felt my father was endangered.  This seemed to lead to a hostile
    call of my sister with the hospice nurse, Maylin. The call was long
    and frustrating, and led to Maylin's wish to have communications
    about my father go through me.  During the call, I was told that my
    sister aired a lot of personal gripes about me to Maylin, which had
    nothing to do with Maylin's hospice concerns. My sister also stated
    to the hospice lead that she wasn't doing her role properly.

    My mother has routinely misrepresented herself as wife to Ho Cao. In
    the beginning, this unfortunately led the workers to cater to her
    inappropriate demands more than they should have.

    My sister has misrepresented herself as Durable POA several times,
    to Kingdom and to Redwood.  Even after finding out that she was
    incorrect, she did not go back to those for whom she misrepresented
    the facts to make amends.

    My sister has been intervening in Kaiser care of my father, against
    my father's AHCD as written.

    After Hanh failed to convince Maylin to do her bidding, she then
    attempted to decertify hospice care, by going to a Kaiser doctor. 
    She also accused me point blank of wanting to kill my father for
    money, despite all my attempts to bring him to the ER, two times,
    and make sure he is protected against high blood pressure and diabetes.

    I have specifically been monitoring my sister's overstepping because
    she is philosophically opposed to my father, but routinely imposes
    her will.  One example of this is my sister's zealous advocacy of
    the COVID-19 mRNA vaccine.  My father was against COVID vaccination
    at the time he was still making his decisions. My sister disregards
    his wishes and feels it is appropriate to mandate that vaccine on
    everyone else. She also pushed me to put my father into end-of-life
    care in November 2023, only four months after his stroke.  Because
    of her disrespect of my father's wishes, I have not let her take a
    more substantial role in my father's medical decisions.

    My father has been given false hope by my mother that he will
    somehow recover from his stroke.  This is incredibly cruel. This has
    been one of her persuasion techniques to bring him out of Kingdom of
    Hearts.

    On Sunday, December 29, the unforgivable happened. My mother brought
    her sister in, and together they pressured my father to demand to be
    moved out of Kingdom. He became very agitated and demanded to see
    me.  I came the next day, and all he could talk about while crying
    was that he wanted to move out.  He said, "I want to die."  Shortly
    after that, I told both my sister and mother that their pressuring
    of someone with dementia is cruel, and that they should stop doing
    it (my mother) and facilitating it (my sister).

    But that has not stopped.  Today, when I came in, my father for the
    first time in two years was outraged at me, from the moment I
    stepped in.  He pointed his finger at me angrily and told me that I
    must respect my mother. His face changed color, which is a clear
    sign that the emotional stress he is undergoing can deeply affect
    his health.

    The two of them have been hindering, not helping, my father's care
    and comfort.  For that reason, I ask that Kingdom Hearts now decline
    their visits.  I am sure you have noticed that my father is much
    more at peace on the days my mother's visits are not upsetting him.

    Best regards,
    Mark